---
title: 'Blog Post number 1'
date: 2012-08-14
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---

Asymmetric alkylation is a fundamental strategy for the stereoselective construction of chiral molecules, traditionally focusing on control over the carbon stereocenters. Recent advances have extended this approach to heteroatom-centered systems, enabling selective C−heteroatom bond formation to generate heteroatom stereogenicity. While sulfur-based alkylations have attracted considerable attention in recent studies, efcient
alkylation strategies for the synthesis of P-stereogenic compounds remain limited despite their pivotal signifcance in catalysis and drug development. Here, we present an organocatalytic enantioselective methylation of prochiral phosphinic acids to access P(V)-stereogenic phosphorus compounds. Employing a cinchonidine-derived phase-transfer catalyst, the formation of a tight ion pair with a prochiral phosphinic acid anion enables highly stereoselective formation of an O−C bond using simple methylating agents under mild conditions. The resulting chiral phosphinates serve as linchpin intermediates that can undergo stereospecifc nucleophilic substitution to aﬀord a broad range of P-stereogenic molecules, including tertiary phosphine oxides, phosphinamides, and phosphinates. These chiral phosphorus compounds display promising biological activities, underscoring their potential in the development of agrochemical agents.

Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
